w  w     b         w      w        b    b bb    b w         w                 w              b b                b b    b       w       w             b   w     b    b              b           w     b   w   w  w    b         bw     ww     w     w                    wb      w             w          w b       w                  b           b   b              b b 
w  w     b         w      w        b    b bb    b w         w                 w              b b                b b    b       w       w             bw  w     b    b              b           w     b   w   w  w    b         bw     ww     w     w                    wb      w             w          w b       w                  b           b   b              b b 
w  w     bbw       w      w        b   wb bb    b w         w    w  w         wbb            b b    b     w     b b   wb   w   w   wwb ww  bb  b     bw  w    wb    b b  b         b    b   w  w  w bb   w b w  w    bw   ww  bbww    ww   b w     wbw   b            b wb  b  ww  b          w  b      ww b      wwb  b              b w         b   bw  w b b      b b 
w  w     bbw       w      w        b   wb bb    b w w       w    w  w         wbb            b b    b     w     b b   wb   w   w   wwb ww  bb  b     bw  w    wb    b b  b         b    b   w  w  w bb   w b w  w    bw   ww  bbww    ww   b w     wbw   b            b wb  b  ww  b          w  b      ww b      wwb  b              b w         b   bw  w b b      b b 
ww w w   bbw   b   w      w  bb    b w wb bb b bb w wb      ww   w bw  w b b  wbb         b  b bww  b  b  w     b b   wb w w w www wwb wwb bb  b     bw  w    wbw  bb b  b b w     bww  b   w  w  w bbbw w b w ww    bw  wwwbwbbww b  ww  bbwwb    wbw   b         w  b wb  b  ww  b    w b   w  b     bww b bb   wwb  b       b b    b w w       b   bw  w b b      bwb 
ww w w   bbw   b   w      w  bb    b w wb bb b bb w wb      ww   w bw  w b b  wbb         b  b bww  b  b  w     b b   wb w w w www wwb wwb bb  b     bw  w  w wbw  bb b  b b w     bww  b   w  w  w bbbw w b w ww    bw  wwwbwbbww b  ww  bbwwb    wbw   b         w  b wb  b  ww  b    w b   w  b     bww b bb   wwb  b       b b    b w w       b   bw  w b b      bwb 
wwbw wb  bbw  wb w w      w  bb    b w wb bb b bb wwwb b   bww   w bww wbb bw wbb  w bb   b  b bww  bb b  w wwb b b   wb w w w www wwb wwbbbb wb   wbbww wb w wbw  bb b bb b w     bwwb b   wb w  w bbbw w b wwww w w wb wwwbwbbwwbb  www bbwwb b  w w w b b w   w ww bwwb  b bww  b    w b   ww b  b  bww b bbw  wwb  b    b  bwb    b w w       b   bw bwbb b  b w bwb 
wwbw wb  bbw  wb w w      w  bb    b w wb bb b bb wwwb b   bww   w bww wbb bw wbb  w bb   b  b bww  bb b  w wwb b b   wb w w w www wwb wwbbbb wb   wbbww wb w wbw  bb b bb b w     bwwb b   wb w  w bbbw w b wwww w w wb wwwbwbbwwbb  wwwwbbwwb b  w w w b b w   w ww bwwb  b bww  b    w b   ww b  b  bww b bbw  wwb  b    b  bwb    b w w       b   bw bwbb b  b w bwb 
wwww wb  bbw  wb w www  b w  bb b  b wbwb bb b bbwwwwb b   bwww wwbbww wbb bw wbb bwbbb   b  b bww  bb b  wbwwb bbb  bwbbwww w wwwbwwbwwwbbbbbwb   wbbww wb wbwb b bbwb bbwbbw w   bwwb b   w  w  w bbbwwwbb wwww w w wb wwwb bbwwbb wwwwwbbwwb bb w w wbbwbww   w ww bwwb  b bww wbw   w bbwwww bw b wbww b bbw  wwb wb  bwb  bwb    bbw wb      bw bbw b bbbb bb w bwb 
wwww wb  bbw  wb w www  b w  bb b  b wbwb bb b bbwwwwb b   bwww wwbbww wbb bw wbb bwbbb   b  b bww  bb b  wbwwb bbb  bwbbwww w wwwbwwbwwwbbbbbwb   wbbww wb wbwb b bbwb bbwbbw w   bwwb b   w  w  w bbbwwwbb wwww w w wb wwwb bbwwbb wwwwwbbwwb bb w w wbbwbww   w ww bwwb  b bww wbw   w bbwwww bw b wbww b bbw  wwb wb  bwbw bwb    bbw wb      bw bbw b bbbb bb w bwb 
wwwwwwb bbbw wwbbwwwwwb b w bbbbb wb wbwbbbbw wbbwwwwb b  wbwww wwbbww wbb bw wbbwbwbbbwb bw b bwwb bbbbw wbwwbbbbbb bwbbwww w wwwbwwbwwwbbbbbwbw  wbbww wbbwb bbb bbwbbbbwbbw w b bwwb bw  ww w  wbbbbwwwbb wwwwbwwwwwb wwwb bbwwbb wwwwwbbwwb bbbw w wbbwbww w wbww bwwb wb bww wbw  ww bbwwwwbbw b wbww b bbw bwwb wbb bwbw bwb wwwbbwb b  b   bw b wwbbbbbbwbb w bwb 
wwwwwwb bbbw wwbbwwwwwb b w bbbbb wb wbwbbbbw wbbwwwwb b  wbwww wwbbww wbb bw wbbwbwbbbwb bw b bwwb bbbbw wbwwbbbbbb bwbbwww w wwwbwwbwwwbbbbbwbw  wbbww wbbwb bbb bbwbbbbwbbw w b bwwb bw  ww w  wbbbbwwwbb wwwwbwwwwwb wwwb bbwwbb wwwwwbbwwb bbbw w wbbwbww w wbww bwwb wb bww wbw  ww bbwwwwbbw b wbww b bbw bwwb wbbwbwbw bwb wwwbbwb b  b   bw b wwbbbbbbwbb w bwb 
wwwwwwbwbbbw wwbbbwwwwb b wbbbbbb wbb  wbbbbwwwbbwwwwb bbwwbwwwwwwbbww wbbbbwwwbbwbwbbbwbw w b  wwb bbbbwbwbwwbbbb  wbwbbwww w wwwbww wwwbbbbbwbwwbwbbww w  wb bbbbbbbbbbbw  wwwbb bwwbbbwbbwwwww wbbbbwwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwbwwwwbbbbwwbbwwwwwwbbww wbbbwww wbbwbww wwwbww bwwbwwb bww wbw bww bbwwwwbbwbbb bwwwb bbw bwwb wbb bw wbbwb wwwbbwb bbbbwb bw bwwwbbbbbbbbb wwbwbb
wwwwwwbwbbbw wwbbbwwwwb b wbbbbbb wbb  wbbbbwwwbbwwwwb bbwwbwwwwwwbbww wbbbbwwwbbwbwbbbwbw w b  wwb bbbbwbwbwwbbbb wwbwbbwww w wwwbww wwwbbbbbwbwwbwbbww w  wb bbbbbbbbbbbw  wwwbb bwwbbbwbbwwwww wbbbbwwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwbwwwwbbbbwwbbwwwwwwbbww wbbbwww wbbwbww wwwbww bwwbwwb bww wbw bww bbwwwwbbwbbb bwwwb bbw bwwb wbb bw wbbwb wwwbbwb bbbbwb bw bwwwbbbbbbbbb wwbwbb
wwwwww wbbbw wwbbbbwwwwwwwwbbbbbbwwbbbwwbb  wwwbbwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwbbww wbbbbwwwbbwbwbbbwbwww b bwwbbbbbbwbwbwwbbbb wwbbbbwwwww wwwbwwbwwwbbbbbwbwwbwbbwwbwwwwbbbbbbbbbbbbbwb wwwbbbbwwbbbwbbwwwww wbbbbwwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwbwwwwbbbbwwbbwwwwwwbbww wbbbwww w  w ww www www wwbww   wwwwwwwwwwwbbwwww  w   w www wbbww ww  w    www bwb www         w wbw bwww          wwwwbb
wwwwww wbbbw wwbbbbwwwwwwwwbbbbbbwwbbbwwbb  wwwbbwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwbbww wbbbbwwwbbwbwbbbwbwww b bwwbbbbbbwbwbwwbbbb wwbbbbwwwww wwwbwwbwwwbbbbbwbwwbwbbwwbwwwwbbbbbbbbbbbbbwb wwwbbbbwwbbbwbbwwwww wbbbbwwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwbwwwwbbbbwwbbwwwwwwbbww wbbbwww w  w ww www www wwbww   wwwwwwwwwwwbbwwwww w   w www wbbww ww  w    www bwb www         w wbw bwww          wwwwbb
wwwwww wbbbwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwbbbbbbwwbbbwwbbb wwwbbwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwbbwwwwbbbbwwwbbwbwbbbwbwwwwb  wwbbbbbbwbw wwbbbbwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwbww wwwbbbbbwbwwbwbbww wwwwbbbbbbbbbbbbbw  wwwbbbbwwbbbwbbwwwwwwwbbbbwwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwbwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwwbbww wbbbwwwwwb w wwwwwwwwwwwww ww bbwwwwwwwwwwwbbwwwwwwwwbwwbwwwbwbbww www wbwbbwww bwbbwwwwbwwbbbw w wbw bwwwbb b bbbbwwwwwbb
wwwwww wbbbwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwbbbbbbwwbbbwwbbb wwwbbwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwbbwwwwbbbbwwwbbwbwbbbwbwwwwb  wwbbbbbbwbw wwbbbbwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwbww wwwbbbbbwbwwbwbbww wwwwbbbbbbbbbbbbbw  wwwbbbbwwbbbwbbwwwwwwwbbbbwwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwbwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwwbbww wbbbwwwww ww wwwwwwwwwwwww ww bbwwwwwwwwwwwbbwwwwwwwwbwwbwwwbwbbww www wbwbbwww bwbbwwwwbwwbbbw w wbw bwwwbb b bbbbwwwwwbb
wwwwww ww  wwww  w wwwwwwwwwww bbww  wwwbbb www wwwww  w wwwwwwwww wwwww   bwww bw w  bwbwwww w ww  b   w w www bbwwwbbw wwwwwwwww wwwwwwwb  bw wwww bww wwww bw  w  b  bww bwww    ww   w  wwwwwww  bwwww bwwwwwwwwwww wwww    wwwwwwwwww www w  bwwwww ww wwwwwwwwwwwwwbww bbwwwwwwwwwwwbb wwwwwwwbwwbwwwbwbb wwwww wbwbbwww bwbbwwww wwbbb bwwwbwbbwww   wwbbbbwwwwwbb
wwwwww ww  wwww  w wwwwwwwwwww bbww  wwwbbb www wwwww  w wwwwwwwww wwwww   bwww bw w  bwbwwww w ww  b   w w www bbwwwbbw wwwwwwwww wwwwwwwb  bw wwww bww wwww bw  w  b  bww bwww    ww   w  wwwwwwww bwwww bwwwwwwwwwww wwww    wwwwwwwwww www w  bwwwww ww wwwwwwwwwwwwwbww bbwwwwwwwwwwwbb wwwwwwwbwwbwwwbwbb wwwww wbwbbwww bwbbwwww wwbbb bwwwbwbbwww   wwbbbbwwwwwbb
wwwwww ww bwwww bwwwwwwwwwwwww bbwww wwwb  wwww wwwwwbbwbwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwb bwwwbbwbw w wbwwww w wwbbb bbwww www bbwwwbbw wwwwwwwww wwwwwwwbbbbwwwwww bwwwwwwwbbww wwwbb bwwb www wwwww wbw wwwwwwwww bwwwwbbwwwwwwwwwww wwwwww bwwwwwwwwww www w  bwwwwwwww wwwwwwwwwwwww wwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwbbwwwwwwwwbwwbwwwwwbb wwwww wbwbbwwww wbbwwww wwbbb bwww wbbwww  bwwbbbbwwwwwbb
wwwwww ww bwwww bwwwwwwwwwwwww bbwww wwwb  wwww wwwwwbbwbwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwb bwwwbbwbw w wbwwww w wwbbb bbwww www bbwwwbbw wwwwwwwww wwwwwwwbbbbwwwwww bwwwwwwwbbww wwwbb bwwb www wwwww wbw wwwwwwwww bwwwwbbwwwwwwwwwww wwwwwwwbwwwwwwwwww www w  bwwwwwwww wwwwwwwwwwwww wwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwbbwwwwwwwwbwwbwwwwwbb wwwww wbwbbwwww wbbwwww wwbbb bwww wbbwww  bwwbbbbwwwwwbb
wwwwwwwwww wwww bbbwwwwwwwwwwww  wwwbbwwwwwwwww wwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwbbbwwww wwwbwwwwwwwwb www bw   wwwwwwwbbbwww bw wwwwwwwwwbwwwwwwwb  bwwwwwwbbwwwwwww bwwwwwwbbbbwwb wwwwwwwww wbwwwwwwwwwww bwwwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwbwwwwwwwwww wwwwwb bwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww wwww wwwwwwwwwwwbbwwwwwwwwbwwbwwwwwbb wwwww wbwbbwwww wbbwwww wwbbb bwwwwwbbwwwbbbwwbbbbwwwwwbb
wwwwwwwwww wwww bbbwwwwwwwwwwww  wwwbbwwwwwwwww wwwwwbbbbwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwbbbwwww www wwwwwwwwb www bw  wwwwwwwwbbbwww bw wwwwwwwwwbwwwwwwwb  bwwwwwwbbwwwwwww bwwwwwwbbbbwwb wwwwwwwww wbwwwwwwwwwww bwwwwbbwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwbwwwwwwwwww wwwwwb bwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww wwww wwwwwwwwwwwbbwwwwwwwwbwwbwwwwwbb wwwww wbwbbwwww wbbwwww wwbbb bwwwwwbbwwwbbbwwbbbbwwwwwbb
